Remove formatting rules from [LICENSE.APPROVED] and add [README.LICENSE] rule (#156)
bemanproject/beman: docs/BEMAN_STANDARD.md

**Status**: [Retired. No longer maintained or actively developed.](https://github.com/bemanproject/beman/blob/main/docs/BEMAN_LIBRARY_MATURITY_MODEL.md#retired-no-longer-maintained-or-actively-developed)
```

### **[README.LICENSE]**

> **REQUIREMENT**: The `README.md` must contain a section called "License" which specifies the license or licenses used by the library. A non-exhaustive list of examples follows.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**REQUIREMENT**: Following the library status line and a new line, the `README.md` must have a `License` section.
```

It needs to be consistent to other README.* rules. We need to have a fixed place in the document for this section (it also helps for beman-tidy implementation). Check e.g., README.LIBRARY_STATUS.

>  A non-exhaustive list of examples follows.

I don't agree to add this, we don't do that in the Beman Standard, we try to be always explicit.

Reviewer: > ```
> ## License
> 
> beman.foo is dual-licensed under the Apache License v2.0 with LLVM Exceptions and the the Boost Software License 1.0.
> ```
> 
> But I don't think it's useful to enumerate every combination of those here.

Keep only this example in the Standard, and we'll do combinations from beman-tidy checks.

> ```markdown

Reviewer: ```suggestion

Use exactly the following format:
```markdown
```

Again, check existing README.* rules.

## License

> beman.exemplar is licensed under the Apache License v2.0 with LLVM Exceptions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
beman.exemplar is licensed under the Apache License v2.0 with LLVM Exceptions. Check [LICENSE](./LICENSE).

<!-- Other optional mentions go on this line ... >
```

We want only that content on the first line and whatever the owner want extra to be separated - again it helps for beman-tidy integration.

Author: I don't think putting `Check [LICENSE](./LICENSE).` there adds value-- people know where to look for license files.

```

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

or

```

```markdown
## License

> beman.exemplar is licensed under the Boost Software License 1.0.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
beman.exemplar is licensed under the Boost Software License 1.0.

<!-- Other optional mentions go on this line ... >
```

Author: Done

```

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

or

```

Author: Done

```markdown
## License

> beman.exemplar is licensed under the MIT License.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
beman.exemplar is licensed under the MIT License.

<!-- Other optional mentions go on this line ... >
```

Author: Done

```

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

or

```markdown
beman.exemplar is licensed under the Boost Software License 1.0 and under the ... .

<!-- Other optional mentions go on this line ... >
```
```

Again, we want to be explicit. We want standard format/examples and a small set of such exections.

If this example is not relevant, please discard the comment.
